README.md, before:

# Next.js Starter

This is a Next.js starter project with an opinionated tech stack, designed to help you quickly set up a modern web application.

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js**: A React framework for production.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **TypeScript**: A strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.
- **ESLint**: A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.

## Features

- **Turbopack**: Enabled for faster development builds.
- **PostCSS**: Integrated with Tailwind CSS for styling.

## Installation

To get started, clone the repository and install the dependencies:

```bash
git clone [repository-url]
cd next-starter
bun install
```

## Development

To start the development server, run:

```bash
bun run dev
```

This will start the server with Turbopack enabled for faster builds.

## Building

To build the project for production, use:

```bash
bun run build
```

## Starting

To start the production server, execute:

```bash
bun run start
```

## Linting

To lint the codebase, run:

```bash
bun run lint
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

feat: add Button component from shadcn/ui

README.md, after:

# Next.js Starter

This is a Next.js starter project with an opinionated tech stack, designed to help you quickly set up a modern web application.

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js**: A React framework for production.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
- **TypeScript**: A strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.
- **ESLint**: A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.
- **shadcn/ui**: A component library for building user interfaces with consistent design and functionality.

## Features

- **Turbopack**: Enabled for faster development builds.
- **PostCSS**: Integrated with Tailwind CSS for styling.

## Installation

To get started, clone the repository and install the dependencies:

```bash
git clone [repository-url]
cd next-starter
bun install
```

## Development

To start the development server, run:

```bash
bun run dev
```

This will start the server with Turbopack enabled for faster builds.

## Building

To build the project for production, use:

```bash
bun run build
```

## Starting

To start the production server, execute:

```bash
bun run start
```

## Linting

To lint the codebase, run:

```bash
bun run lint
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
